EliteNet: Elite over Econet
by Mark Moxon

This application sends scores from Archimedes Elite
to an Econet scoreboard.

It needs version 1.14 of Elite (available from Ian
Bell's website) and a working Econet connection.

To send scores to a scoreboard, run both Elite and
EliteNet. Click on the EliteNet icon to bring up
the configuration window, and enter the station and
port number for the scoreboard. Alternatively you
can load an existing configuration from an EliteNet
file by double-clicking the file or by dragging it
to the application's window or icon bar icon.

You can move to the next field by pressing Return
or Tab, and you can use the up/down arrow keys to
move both ways.

Note that in order for a value to be configured,
you need to press either Return, Tab or an arrow
key so the value can be submitted and checked.

Once the details have been configured, the "Enable
scoreboard transmissions" icon will be available.
You can use this to turn transmissions on and off.

Transmissions only occur when Elite is running and
you are in the game. You can optionally change the
transmission interval, but don't make it too short
for too long, especially on a busy network.

You can save the network configuration and the
current score as an EliteNet file. You can do this
from the icon bar menu. This lets you take a break
from playing a multiplayer game, and when you come
back, you can reload both your EliteNet score file
and your Elite commander file, so you can jump back
into the competition without losing your place.

To set the scores back to zero, click the Reset
button. You might want to do this before a new
muliplayer competition starts, so everyone begins
from the same position.

This application comes with a maxed-out commander
file called Max. This matches the MAX commander
that comes with the BBC Micro version of Elite
over Econet.

See bbcelite.com/econet for more details.